feat(spaces): add subspaces docs (#761)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/concepts/spaces/allowing-non-root-admins-to-manage-spaces.md

# Managing subspaces

By default, only `root` admins can manage the spaces' tree topology.

> This limitation stems from the fact that we also grant the `root` admins the ability to enforce a set of best practices across the whole organization using autoattaching policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This limitation stems from the fact that we also grant the `root` admins the ability to enforce a set of best practices across the whole organization by [autoattaching policies](https://docs.spacelift.io/concepts/policy.html#automatically).
```

> However, if you don't find this limitation fitting your organization's needs, you can change it in the account settings.

Reviewer: However, if this limitation doesn't align with your organization's needs, you can adjust it in the account settings.

## Toggling the setting

The feature is controlled by a toggle found in the account settings. Only `root` admins can toggle the setting.
![](<../../assets/screenshots/spaces/subspaces-toggle.png>)

> After setting the toggle to true, non-root admins will be able to create, manage, and delete subspaces that are children of the spaces they administrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After enabling this setting, non-root admins will be able to create, manage, and delete subspaces that are children of the spaces they administrate.
```

> After toggling the setting back to false, non-root admins will no longer have the ability to modify spaces.

Reviewer: After disabling the setting, non-root admins will no longer have the ability to modify spaces.
